Miss Mu
This is your sir.
Mr. Mu?
You two are a good match!
Will be very happy
Doesn't look like me?
Hey
Qingqing, can you remember?
Be sure to eat more
Come and see me next time
Don't be so vegetarian
I remember, Auntie, you rest early.
Jing Shen Qingqing is such a good girl
You must treat others well
Would I?
Auntie, I'm going to the bathroom first
Didn't we pay for the medical bills?
Why is he here?
It seems that one of his relatives did it.
I think the medical expenses are too expensive
Are you his family member?
Please pay the fee behind this.
I used the cheapest medicine
And you lied to me
Xiaonuan, are you really going to hang up your program class?
Can you discuss it with Mr. Lu?
Look at Mr. Lu
Teacher Lu
Teacher Lu Su Jingshi